1.How has your knowledge of the tech field changed since class began?

When I first started, I had no idea how many different tech positions there were in this field. I came in with the goal of just becoming a WebDev, but then gained interest over other languages as well. I am still pursuing WebDev, but I am confident I will be studying the other languages on my own upon completion of the course. I would like to know more about SQL and Data Science so that is something I will be researching.
2.What was the most difficult part of Foundations for you? And how did you overcome that?

The most difficult part so far has been the technical difficulties when following along during lecture. It could be anything from a typo, to certain installs not working, and then I tend to fall behind as I am trying to troubleshoot the issue rather than paying attention. Over time, I have learned to just keep coding along and then fix the problem after the lecture is done.
3.Did you learn anything about the way you learn? What was it?

Originally, I was writing down everything but I soon realized that took way too much time and I was not a fast writer. I fell behind a few times at first, not realizing that there were handouts on Frodo that I could download and review. Once I realized that, I was golden as I could study the material after lecture if I needed.
4.How will you apply what you know about your learning style during Specializations?
I will pay more attention to the actual lecture instead of trying to write things down as I know I should be able to review the handouts after. Granted, that is if the structure is the same in Specializations where there are handouts of the lecture of the day.
5.What was your experience with pair programming like?

Pair programming has been my favorite thing about the course so far. I could not stress enough how important it is to have a second set of eyes there with you as you are working. Not only do you fix your mistakes faster, but you also develop a comraderie with your fellow peers in your cohort. Please continue to keep this as a staple feature of the program.
6.What parts of Foundations did you enjoy the most? (This could be anything from a specific lab or lecture to the general setup of class or a funny moment.)

I really loved everything about Foundations. It helped me develop a base to grow upon and my instructor and mentor were amazing in helping me understand the material. I even enjoyed the morning meetings and the activities to get to know each other. I think it helped us become more comfortable and confident in asking questions if we had any.